 3d Life Strategies Workbook Response:
Mind • Body • Spirit Workbook Submission
=======================================
🛸 Introduction
----------------------------------------
Intro Q1: General- Please provide your Survey Id:
Answer: 20260603_BETA_0061
Intro Q2: Family- Please provide your general personal state. ie. sex, married
state. ie. I'm a (single|married|married and kids) female and any other helpful
domestic/living conditions.
Answer: I'm a married female in my early forties, with two children (12 year old
son and 10 year old daughter). My husband works long hours in the construction
industry, is a good husband and father but is usually very tired when he's home.
We both have parents in the area, one set who is very helpful and the other set
who don't have time or interest in involvement with their grandchildren.
Intro Q3: Work- Please summarize your career and/or current work life.
Answer: I worked as a secretary after getting a 2 year degree, and took time off
when we had our children. Because of expenses, I am looking at getting another
job.
Intro Q4: The Backstory - Where are you at in life today and what were the major
turning points that got you here?
Answer: I met my husband when I was 30, and we decided to get married when I got
pregnant. I originally wanted to get a four year degree, but didn't have the
money to continue. My daughter has had special needs since birth, and that has
been both expensive and made returning to work difficult.
Intro Q5: The Narrative - On a scale of 1-5, how 'in sync' do you feel your
Body, Mind, and Spirit are currently?
Answer: 2
Intro Q6: Current Trajectory Looking at your current habits and values, where do
you feel your "destiny" is currently heading?
Answer: I don't really see a way that there will be any major changes.
Intro Q7: Personal Attributes If you haven't, please take the Personality
Assessment test and fill in the numbers it provides at the end for the 5
characteristics. These can be copied and pasted below.
Answer: Extraversion 2.0
Agreeableness 4.0
Conscientiousness 2.5
Emotional Stability 2.6
Openness 3.3
🏃 Chapter 1: Body (Physical)
----------------------------------------
Question 1
Answer: I was very active in sports when I was younger, but haven't really been
able to exercise in years. I try to eat somewhat healthy but am more guided by
what we can afford to eat.
Body Q2: Fitness Habits - Describe your current level of regular fitness and
exercise. What activities do you enjoy most?
Answer: I really enjoyed running when I was younger, but haven't even jogged in
years. I try to walk periodically when I can.
Body Q3: Nutritional Fuel - How would you describe your current eating habits
and nutrition? Are you fueling your body for high performance? Do you understand
the importance of a balanced plate with a proper mix of protein, veggies, and
carbs?
Answer: I think I understand the basics of nutrition, but cost is what drives
most of my grocery purchases.
Body Q4: Body Care & Maintenance - Do you have a proactive plan for medical care
and healthcare coverage? Are there specific areas (e.g., weight, heart
health/hearth) that need attention?
Answer: My husband's construction company has pretty good benefits, and we all
try to make regular doctor visits for check-ups.
Body Q5: Recovery & Sleep - How well are you managing rest, recovery, and sleep?
What prevents you from getting the rest you need?
Answer: My best time to rest is when the kids are at school, but I also usually
have to catch up on chores so it's tough. I get about 6 hours of sleep per
night.
Body Q6: Mental-Physical Link - How does your current physical state affect your
mood or energy for spiritual and mental tasks?
Answer: I usually feel tired, and don't have much energy.
Body Q7: Body-Physical Understanding - Are there any topics or problems related
with your current health or fitness you would like to learn more about?
Note: This doesn’t have to be complex, just some quick learning to help you !
Ie.
How do carbs affect my weight ? Provide a healthy example diet.
How can I know if my headaches are due to mental vs. physical stress and how to
fix?
What are the best types of cardio I can do other than walking 1 mile?
Answer: What are some ways I can put together a grocery list that is both
healthy and affordable for my family?
Question 8
Answer: 2,4
🧠 Chapter 2: Mind (Logical/Practical)
----------------------------------------
Mind Q1: Learning History - Looking back at your school years or early training,
did you feel you "started on top" (learning came easily), or were you
consistently challenged in your learning? How has that shaped your confidence
today?
Answer: I was an average student, but usually made pretty good grades because I
worked pretty hard and took my classes seriously.
Mind Q2: Career & Education - List your primary formal education
(degrees/certifications) and your current career status. Does your current work
align with your natural talents?
Answer: I got my 2 year AA at a junior college before becoming a secretary for a
local business. I'm not the most organized person at home, but at work I made
sure everything was done on time and done right.
Mind Q3: Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities (KSA) - What are your top three
professional or practical skills? (e.g., technical expertise, communication,
leadership, etc.) ie. Learn more about KSAs
Answer: communication, task oriented and get along well with coworkers
Mind Q4: Life Logistics - How would you describe your current "Foundational
Logistics"?
Briefly describe any gaps in:
     Living Arrangements: (Home/Housing stability)
     Transportation: (Reliability of auto/transit)
     Legal & Financial: (Budgeting, debt, legal readiness)
Answer: We own our home and are paying the mortgage plus regular maintenance
without trouble. It would be difficult if a major repair was needed.
Both of us drive reliable cars/trucks with less than 100,000 miles, but the same
problem would happen if we needed major repairs.
Our major debt is the house.
Mind Q5: Time & Organization - How effectively do you manage your time? Are
there specific areas in your life that you feel most challenged?
Answer: I try to manage time, but it's tough when the kids are home with my
husband's long hours. The house is a mess and kind of crazy from the afternoon
until the following morning.
Mind Q6: Lifelong Learning Roadmap - How do you prefer to "consume" new
information? (e.g., "Snacks" like podcasts/AI chat vs. "3-Course Meals" like
books/seminars). What is one area you want to learn more about this year?
Answer: I don't really get to read much, but discovered podcasts that I can
listen to while I'm doing chores during the day.
Mind Q7: Family & Support - If applicable, how are you managing childcare or
family responsibilities? Does this area feel like a source of stress or a
well-oiled machine?
Answer: It's pretty crazy, but my in-laws do come by sometimes to help out. It's
especially helpful when they take the kids out for dinner sometimes.
Mind Q8: Mind-Learning - Is there something you would like to learn that you
have not had the time, knowledge or skill to pursue ?
Ie.
- How can I learn to better use software management tools to keep our projects
on track?
- What is the best way to learn which “ChatBot” would be best for me as a CEO?
- I am currently in charge of HR and feel there is a lot going on in AI Employee
education that I don’t understand and am not sure where to start.
- I’m studying for my XYZ Certification, how can I prepare for that?
Or more specific:
- "I’m sitting for the PMP (Project Management Professional) exam in six weeks.
How can you help me create a structured study plan that covers the PMBOK Guide?
Answer: I'm not sure the best way to find a job since it's been so long. I also
don't know if there's any training I would need and how to get it.
Mind Q9: General Mind Growth - Do "a self-assessment" and on a 1-5 scale, where
do you feel you currently are at and where do you want to be ?
ie. For currently "Need Lots of Work", but want to be "No Improvement Needed":
Enter: 1,5
   1-Need Lots of work ... 5-No Improvement needed
Answer: 2,3
✨ Chapter 3: Spirit (Contentment)
----------------------------------------
Spirit Q1: Spiritual History - Describe the history of your spiritual journey.
What were the significant milestones or shifts in your belief system over the
years?
Answer: I went to church as a kid with my parents, but haven't gone since I
moved out for college. I really haven't thought about it much since then.
Spirit Q2: Faith & Belief System - Describe your current faith or belief system,
if you have one? You can also include any religion and/or denomination. What are
the core values that anchor your daily decisions?
NOTE: It can be more than one for part 2
For Example on part 2, here are some core values to help you:
     Spirituality: Faith, Inner Peace, Mindfulness, Connection.
     Character: Integrity, Courage, Honesty, Humility.
     Relational: Compassion, Service, Loyalty, Forgiveness.
     Growth: Curiosity, Discipline, Wisdom, Resilience.
Answer: I think I'm basically a good person and try to help others. I also try
to be honest and a hard worker.
Spirit Q3: Fellowship & Friendships - Do you have a "tribe" or community of peer
support? Describe the quality of your current friendships and how often you
engage in meaningful fellowship.
Answer: There are a few moms in my neighborhood and we try to get together
sometimes. My husband and I also have a few friends that we go out with as
couples, but that's not very often. My sister and I talk on the phone about once
a week, but she lives in a different state.
Spirit Q4: Personal & Family Relationships - How is the "inner circle" of your
life? Describe the current state of your family relationships and any areas
where you seek more harmony.
Answer: My parents and I don't talk much, but some of that is because my dad has
had health issues and my mom spends a lot of time taking care of him. I do have
a good relationship with my sister.
Spirit Q5: Finding Your Place (Paul or Timothy) - In your current season, do you
feel more like a "Paul" (mentoring and leading others) or a "Timothy" (seeking
guidance and being mentored)? Who are the specific people filling these roles in
your life?
Answer: I am definitely not the one to give guidance at this point.
Spirit Q6: Service & Contribution - Are you currently volunteering or helping
others? How does serving others impact your own sense of contentment?
Answer: I would love to if I had the time.
Spirit Q7: Recreation & Hobbies - What activities bring you pure joy and "refill
your tank"? Are you making regular time for these recreation or "re-creation"
activities?
Answer: I do enjoy my time with the kids, and even though it's tiring its worth
it and I wouldn't trade being a mom. I also really like it when my husband and I
get to spend time together. On weekends we like to all spend some time time
together.
Spirit Q8: Mental & Emotional Health - How would you rate your current emotional
health (stress levels, anxiety, or feelings of loneliness)? What is your primary
source of stress right now?
Answer: Pretty high stress and loneliness at times.
Spirit Q9: Vision & Future Goals - Thinking about your past, present, and
future: What is your vision for your spiritual life? If you could "Remember,
Review, Rethink, and Plan," what is the one big dream you want to pursue?
Answer: I would really like to get a job that allows me the time I need for
family and chores, but would give us some extra money to do fun things together.
Spirit Q10: Spiritual-Development - Is there some spiritual development topic
you would like to understand better but it feels like hard to get started ?
Examples:
- It seems sometimes I am not fully present when my spouse starts talking about
work problems. What can I do to be more attentive?
- I’ve never really understood the book of Revelations and how that really
applies to me today?
Answer: I am not really interested in religion at this time.
Enter one or more of the topics from above in the box below:
Answer: [no answer]
Spirit Q12: Mental & Emotional Health -General Spiritual Development - Do "a
self-assessment" and on a 1-5 scale, where are you and where do you want to be ?
ie. For currently "Need Lots of Work", but want to be "No Improvement Needed":
Enter: 1,5
   1-Need Lots of work ... 5-No Improvement needed
Answer: 2,4
🏁 Chapter 4: Summary & Action
----------------------------------------
Sum Q1: Holistic Reflection - Now that you have reviewed your current state,
which of the three dimensions (Body, Mind, or Spirit) do you feel is your
strongest area right now? Which is currently the most challenged?
Answer: Body is strongest and Mind is weakest
Sum Q2: Short-Term Priorities - What are 1-2 immediate changes you want to make
in the next 30 days to build momentum?
Answer: figure out the job situation and how to get going
Sum Q3: Long-Term Vision It’s okay to dream big! If there were no obstacles,
where would you like to see yourself in each of the three dimensions 12 months
from today?
Answer: getting some kind of exercise, eating better, with a job, and having
some money for fun with the family.
Sum Q4: The S.M.A.R.T. Target - Choose one major goal. Ensure it is Specific,
Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, and Time-bound. Write it out here.
Answer: [no answer]
Sum Q5: Support & Accountability - Do you have an accountability partner or
coach in your life you can work on development of these goals ? If not, do you
think this could help you ?
Answer: I don't but it would probably help
Email sent via EmailJS.com [https://www.emailjs.com?src=email-footer]
