 3d Life Strategies Workbook Response:
Mind • Body • Spirit Workbook Submission
=======================================
🛸 Introduction
----------------------------------------
Intro Q1: General- Please provide your Survey Id:
Answer: 20260528_BETA_0060
Intro Q2: Family- Please provide your general personal state. ie. sex, married
state. ie. I'm a (single|married|married and kids) female and any other helpful
domestic/living conditions.
Answer: I'm a married male in my early fifties, with two children (22 year old
son and 20 year old daughter). My wife and I have been married for 31 years. We
both have parents in the area, one set who is very active and healthy and the
other set who is starting to have health problems.
Intro Q3: Work- Please summarize your career and/or current work life.
Answer: I started a small accounting business twenty years ago and now employ
approx 15 people. My son is studying to be an accountant and will join our firm
when he graduates.
Intro Q4: The Backstory - Where are you at in life today and what were the major
turning points that got you here?
Answer: I met my wife in college, and we decided to get married when we
graduated. She also started her career then, but we decided she would focus on
bringing up our children and put her career on hold. She's currently considering
a part time job, but is also very active as a volunteer at our church. Our
daughter has had special needs since birth, and we will provide life long care
for her.
Intro Q5: The Narrative - On a scale of 1-5, how 'in sync' do you feel your
Body, Mind, and Spirit are currently?
Answer: 4
Intro Q6: Current Trajectory Looking at your current habits and values, where do
you feel your "destiny" is currently heading?
Answer: My wife and I are currently in very good health and active. Unless that
changes, we will focus on my business, care for our daughter, and the growing
needs of her parents. We would like to consider retirement and beginning to
travel some in about 10-12 years.
Intro Q7: Personal Attributes If you haven't, please take the Personality
Assessment test and fill in the numbers it provides at the end for the 5
characteristics. These can be copied and pasted below.
Answer: Extraversion 3.5
Agreeableness 4.0
Conscientiousness 4.5
Emotional Stability 4.0
Openness 3.3
🏃 Chapter 1: Body (Physical)
----------------------------------------
Question 1
Answer: I was very active in sports when I was younger, but haven't really been
able to exercise regularly in years. I recently re-joined a local gym, and would
like to get back into a regular routine. My wife has also started playing pickle
ball and would like for me to join her sometimes.
Body Q2: Fitness Habits - Describe your current level of regular fitness and
exercise. What activities do you enjoy most?
Answer: I really enjoyed running when I was younger, but haven't even jogged in
years. I try to walk periodically when I can but my long work hours have
typically made it difficult.
Body Q3: Nutritional Fuel - How would you describe your current eating habits
and nutrition? Are you fueling your body for high performance? Do you understand
the importance of a balanced plate with a proper mix of protein, veggies, and
carbs?
Answer: I have always tried to maintain a pretty good diet, and that has kept my
weight in check since I didn't exercise much. My wife has also been good about
keeping healthy food in our house and cooking balanced meals.
Body Q4: Body Care & Maintenance - Do you have a proactive plan for medical care
and healthcare coverage? Are there specific areas (e.g., weight, heart
health/hearth) that need attention?
Answer: We have always gotten the premium healthcare plans so we could monitor
our health, and also provide that for our children. It also made expenses for
our daughter's care more manageable.
Body Q5: Recovery & Sleep - How well are you managing rest, recovery, and sleep?
What prevents you from getting the rest you need?
Answer: During tax season I don't get a lot of sleep, but I typically try to get
about 7 hours of sleep.
Body Q6: Mental-Physical Link - How does your current physical state affect your
mood or energy for spiritual and mental tasks?
Answer: I can tell the difference when I get in stretches of limited sleep,
because it starts to affect my energy, even more than my mood although I do get
more easily agitated, mostly with family, when I don't get enough sleep.
Body Q7: Body-Physical Understanding - Are there any topics or problems related
with your current health or fitness you would like to learn more about?
Note: This doesn’t have to be complex, just some quick learning to help you !
Ie.
How do carbs affect my weight ? Provide a healthy example diet.
How can I know if my headaches are due to mental vs. physical stress and how to
fix?
What are the best types of cardio I can do other than walking 1 mile?
Answer: As I get older, I want to start putting more importance on getting the
right exercise and am looking for the best ways to do that.
Question 8
Answer: 3,4
🧠 Chapter 2: Mind (Logical/Practical)
----------------------------------------
Mind Q1: Learning History - Looking back at your school years or early training,
did you feel you "started on top" (learning came easily), or were you
consistently challenged in your learning? How has that shaped your confidence
today?
Answer: I was an above average student, and usually made pretty good grades
because I worked hard and took my classes seriously. I have also had to maintain
my education as a CPA because the rules are always changing.
Mind Q2: Career & Education - List your primary formal education
(degrees/certifications) and your current career status. Does your current work
align with your natural talents?
Answer: I got my 4 year degree in accounting, then CPA certification. My
attention to detail and desire to do things right by my clients and within the
laws have all made me successful. I also enjoy running my own business and the
team I have put together.
Mind Q3: Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities (KSA) - What are your top three
professional or practical skills? (e.g., technical expertise, communication,
leadership, etc.) ie. Learn more about KSAs
Answer: expertise, leadership, work ethic
Mind Q4: Life Logistics - How would you describe your current "Foundational
Logistics"?
Briefly describe any gaps in:
     Living Arrangements: (Home/Housing stability)
     Transportation: (Reliability of auto/transit)
     Legal & Financial: (Budgeting, debt, legal readiness)
Answer: We own our home with no mortgage.
Both of us own and drive vehicles with less than 50,000 miles.
We have no debt and are saving for retirement.
Mind Q5: Time & Organization - How effectively do you manage your time? Are
there specific areas in your life that you feel most challenged?
Answer: I try to manage time, but it's always been tough during tax season where
I feel I missed out on a lot of family events. Otherwise, I've tried to be
involved with the family, and really appreciate my wife providing much of the
structure when I can't.
Mind Q6: Lifelong Learning Roadmap - How do you prefer to "consume" new
information? (e.g., "Snacks" like podcasts/AI chat vs. "3-Course Meals" like
books/seminars). What is one area you want to learn more about this year?
Answer: I don't really get to read much other than professional journals, but
discovered podcasts that I can listen to while I'm driving or doing chores.
Mind Q7: Family & Support - If applicable, how are you managing childcare or
family responsibilities? Does this area feel like a source of stress or a
well-oiled machine?
Answer: It's pretty smooth all things considered, but I am anticipating more
responsibilities with our aging parents.
Mind Q8: Mind-Learning - Is there something you would like to learn that you
have not had the time, knowledge or skill to pursue ?
Ie.
- How can I learn to better use software management tools to keep our projects
on track?
- What is the best way to learn which “ChatBot” would be best for me as a CEO?
- I am currently in charge of HR and feel there is a lot going on in AI Employee
education that I don’t understand and am not sure where to start.
- I’m studying for my XYZ Certification, how can I prepare for that?
Or more specific:
- "I’m sitting for the PMP (Project Management Professional) exam in six weeks.
How can you help me create a structured study plan that covers the PMBOK Guide?
Answer: As mentioned before, I want to learn more about the best and proper ways
to exercise. I also want to learn more about what supplements I should be adding
as I age.
Mind Q9: General Mind Growth - Do "a self-assessment" and on a 1-5 scale, where
do you feel you currently are at and where do you want to be ?
ie. For currently "Need Lots of Work", but want to be "No Improvement Needed":
Enter: 1,5
   1-Need Lots of work ... 5-No Improvement needed
Answer: 4,5
✨ Chapter 3: Spirit (Contentment)
----------------------------------------
Spirit Q1: Spiritual History - Describe the history of your spiritual journey.
What were the significant milestones or shifts in your belief system over the
years?
Answer: I went to church as a kid with my parents, but it was through my wife
that I really grew spiritually. She has been a strong Christian all her life and
challenged me to begin attending church with her, along with a student ministry,
when we were in college. I gave my life to Christ a week before my college
graduation and my faith journey has been strong ever since.
I also joined an organization, C12, to help me become a Christian leader at my
business as well as in my personal life.
Spirit Q2: Faith & Belief System - Describe your current faith or belief system,
if you have one? You can also include any religion and/or denomination. What are
the core values that anchor your daily decisions?
NOTE: It can be more than one for part 2
For Example on part 2, here are some core values to help you:
     Spirituality: Faith, Inner Peace, Mindfulness, Connection.
     Character: Integrity, Courage, Honesty, Humility.
     Relational: Compassion, Service, Loyalty, Forgiveness.
     Growth: Curiosity, Discipline, Wisdom, Resilience.
Answer: I am an active member at a non-denominational church that has a very
strong Biblical doctrine, and is Christ centered. My core values would be faith,
integrity, compassion and discipline.
Spirit Q3: Fellowship & Friendships - Do you have a "tribe" or community of peer
support? Describe the quality of your current friendships and how often you
engage in meaningful fellowship.
Answer: My wife and I are very involved in a small group that has several
couples who are in a similar stage in life. We share life together and support
each other (and our families) in prayer.
Spirit Q4: Personal & Family Relationships - How is the "inner circle" of your
life? Describe the current state of your family relationships and any areas
where you seek more harmony.
Answer: My wife and I are very close. Our daughter is very sweet and loving,
with her special needs requiring care, but not as a burden. Our son has been
questioning his faith since leaving for college, and I look forward to spending
time with him when he joins the firm. My wife has an older brother who has
really struggled as an adult with alcohol and drugs, which has been really hard
on her. He lives a few hours away, with no family now, and she is praying for
the right way to support him.
Spirit Q5: Finding Your Place (Paul or Timothy) - In your current season, do you
feel more like a "Paul" (mentoring and leading others) or a "Timothy" (seeking
guidance and being mentored)? Who are the specific people filling these roles in
your life?
Answer: More like a Paul, especially with several young employees.
Spirit Q6: Service & Contribution - Are you currently volunteering or helping
others? How does serving others impact your own sense of contentment?
Answer: I serve on the finance committee at our church and on the board with a
local non-profit. I really enjoy volunteering when I can and will do more once
retired.
Spirit Q7: Recreation & Hobbies - What activities bring you pure joy and "refill
your tank"? Are you making regular time for these recreation or "re-creation"
activities?
Answer: My career has been a big source of satisfaction, but I am eyeing the
future and I can replace my career with something both satisfying and
meaningful.
Spirit Q8: Mental & Emotional Health - How would you rate your current emotional
health (stress levels, anxiety, or feelings of loneliness)? What is your primary
source of stress right now?
Answer: I would rate them both high right now.
Spirit Q9: Vision & Future Goals - Thinking about your past, present, and
future: What is your vision for your spiritual life? If you could "Remember,
Review, Rethink, and Plan," what is the one big dream you want to pursue?
Answer: Through C12, I am hoping to leave a legacy through my business with my
employees (especially my son), clients and in the community.
Spirit Q10: Spiritual-Development - Is there some spiritual development topic
you would like to understand better but it feels like hard to get started ?
Examples:
- It seems sometimes I am not fully present when my spouse starts talking about
work problems. What can I do to be more attentive?
- I’ve never really understood the book of Revelations and how that really
applies to me today?
Answer: What the bible says about retirement, and/or how God wants to live our
later years.
Enter one or more of the topics from above in the box below:
Answer: Pride, control
Spirit Q12: Mental & Emotional Health -General Spiritual Development - Do "a
self-assessment" and on a 1-5 scale, where are you and where do you want to be ?
ie. For currently "Need Lots of Work", but want to be "No Improvement Needed":
Enter: 1,5
   1-Need Lots of work ... 5-No Improvement needed
Answer: 4,5
🏁 Chapter 4: Summary & Action
----------------------------------------
Sum Q1: Holistic Reflection - Now that you have reviewed your current state,
which of the three dimensions (Body, Mind, or Spirit) do you feel is your
strongest area right now? Which is currently the most challenged?
Answer: Spirit is strongest, body is weakest
Sum Q2: Short-Term Priorities - What are 1-2 immediate changes you want to make
in the next 30 days to build momentum?
Answer: Start an exercise routine that is both beneficial and sustainable
Sum Q3: Long-Term Vision It’s okay to dream big! If there were no obstacles,
where would you like to see yourself in each of the three dimensions 12 months
from today?
Answer: getting exercise, spending quality time with my son as he joins the
firm, and implementing more C12 Christian principles at work.
Sum Q4: The S.M.A.R.T. Target - Choose one major goal. Ensure it is Specific,
Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, and Time-bound. Write it out here.
Answer: Structured exercise schedule, at least 3 days per week, based on my
current conditioning status, that will produce healthy benefits and in place by
August 1, 2026
Sum Q5: Support & Accountability - Do you have an accountability partner or
coach in your life you can work on development of these goals ? If not, do you
think this could help you ?
Answer: I don't but it would probably help
Email sent via EmailJS.com [https://www.emailjs.com?src=email-footer]
